# Privacy Policy

Effective date: May 16, 2018

Twelve Stars, LLC d/b/a 12 Stars Media ("12 Stars Media", "us", "we", or "our") operates the Candidio platform (the "Service").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and
disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have
associated with that data.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you
agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy
Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service, accessible from
https://github.com/12StarsMedia/candidio-legal/blob/master/terms-of-service.md

## Definitions

### Personal Data

Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from
those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or
likely to come into our possession).

### Usage Data

Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the
Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration
of a page visit).

### Cookies

Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device.

### Data Controller

Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with
other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any
personal data are, or are to be, processed.

For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.

### Data Processors (or Service Providers)

Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data
Controller.

We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your
data more effectively.

### Data Subject

Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.

### User

The User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data
Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.

## Information Collection And Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to
provide and improve our Service to you.

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally
identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you
("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not
limited to:

  * Email address
  * First name and last name
  * Phone number
  * Cookies and Usage Data

We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or
promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you.
You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by
contacting us.

#### Usage Data

We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage
Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's
Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version,
the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the
time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic
data.

#### Tracking ~&amp;~ Cookies Data

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our
Service and hold certain information.

Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous
unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored
on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts
to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a
cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be
able to use some portions of our Service.

Examples of Cookies we use:

  * Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
  * Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences
	and various settings.
  * Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

## Use of Data

12 Stars Media uses the collected data for various purposes:

  * To provide and maintain our Service
  * To notify you about changes to our Service
  * To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when
	you choose to do so
  * To provide customer support
  * To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our
	Service
  * To monitor the usage of our Service
  * To detect, prevent and address technical issues
  * To provide you with news, special offers and general information about
	other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those
	that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted
	not to receive such information

## Retention of Data

12 Stars Media will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary
for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your
Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations
(for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable
laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

12 Stars Media will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes.
Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when
this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality
of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer
time periods.

## Transfer Of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and
maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or
other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than
those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to
us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United
States and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such
information represents your agreement to that transfer.

12 Stars Media will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your
data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no
transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country
unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your
data and other personal information.

## Disclosure Of Data

### Disclosure for Law Enforcement

Under certain circumstances, 12 Stars Media may be required to disclose your
Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by
public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

### Legal Requirements

12 Stars Media may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that
such action is necessary to:

  * To comply with a legal obligation
  * To protect and defend the rights or property of 12 Stars Media
  * To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the
	Service
  * To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
  * To protect against legal liability

## Security Of Data

The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of
transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100%
secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your
Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## "Do Not Track" Signals

We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can
set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.

You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings
page of your web browser.

## Your Rights

12 Stars Media aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend,
delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.

Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal Data,
please contact us at privacy@12starsmedia.com to make the required changes.

If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you
want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.

In certain circumstances, you have the right:

  * To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you
  * To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate
  * To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you

You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to 12
Stars Media. You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a
commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.

Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to
such requests.

## Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service
("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform
Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these
tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other
purpose.

### Analytics

We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our
Service.

  * **Google Analytics**

	Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks
	and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and
	monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google
	services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and
	personalize the ads of its own advertising network.

	You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to
	Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-
	on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js,
	analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics
	about visits activity.

	Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data

	For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the
	Google Privacy Policy: [Privacy Policy] —[Opt Out].
	
### Contacting the User

* **Mailing list or newsletter (this Application)**

	By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, the User’s email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning this Application. Your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to this Application or after making a purchase.
	
	Personal Data collected: email address. 

### Hosting and backend infrastructure

This type of service has the purpose of hosting Data and files that enable this Application to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of this Application. Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.

* **Amazon Web Services (AWS) (Amazon)**

	Amazon Web Services is a hosting and backend service provided by Amazon.com Inc.

	Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.

	Place of processing: See the Amazon privacy policy – [Privacy Policy].

### Infrastructure Monitoring

This type of services allows this Application to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services, whose function is to filter the activities of this Application.

* **Bugsnag (Bugsnag, Inc.)**

	Bugsnag is an error tracking service used to identify issues with this Application and provide developers with the ability to trace errors back the source location in the code base.

	Personal Data collected: Name, email address, company name

	Place of processing: See the Bugsnag privacy policy – [Privacy Policy]
	
* **New Relic (New Relic)**
	
	New Relic is a monitoring service provided by New Relic Inc.
	
	The way New Relic is integrated means that it filters all traffic of this Application, i.e., communication between the Application and the User's browser or device, while also allowing analytical data on this Application to be collected.
	
	Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. 
	
	Place of processing: US – [Privacy Policy](https://newrelic.com/privacy). 
	
* **Pingdom (Pingdom AB)**

	Pingdom is a monitoring service provided by Pingdom AB.
	
	Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data. 
	 
	Place of processing: Sweden – [Privacy Policy](https://www.pingdom.com/legal/privacy-policy/).

### Managing Contacts and sending messages

This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.

* **Postmark (Wildbit)**
	Mailjet is an email address management and message sending service provided by Wildbit, LLC.
	
	Personal Data collected: name, email address.
	
	Place of processing: See the Postmark privacy policy: [Privacy Policy](https://wildbit.com/privacy-policy)

* **Podio (Citrix)**

	Podio supplies a web-based platform provided by Citrix for organizing team communication, business processes, data and content in project management workspaces.

	Personal Data collected: Name, email address, company name

	Place of processing: See the Podio privacy policy – [Privacy Policy]

### User database management

This type of services allows the Owner to build user profiles by starting from an email address, a personal name, or other information that the User provides to this Application, as well as to track User activities through analytics features. This Personal Data may also be matched with publicly available information about the User (such as social networks' profiles) and used to build private profiles that the Owner can display and use for improving this Application.
Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the User, such as emails based on specific actions performed on this Application.

* **Intercom (Intercom, Inc.)**

	Personal Data collected: Name, email address, company name, various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.

	Place of processing: See the Intercom privacy policy – [Privacy Policy]

## Links To Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If
you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's
site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you
visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy
policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone
under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that
your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we
become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without
verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information
from our servers.

## Changes To This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any
changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior
to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of
this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this
page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

  * By email: privacy@12starsmedia.com
  * By mail: 11787 Lantern Rd Suite 202, Fishers, Indiana, USA 46038
